Tallahassee.github:
Privacy Policy
Information from the Personal Data Administrator
Acting as an administrator of your personal data, we are hereby asking you to read the information necessary in case of collecting personal data, in accordance with art. 13 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation, GDPR).

The processing of personal data takes place in accordance with the Act of 29 August 1997 on the protection of personal data (consolidated text Journal of Laws of 2016, item 922 as amended) and GDPR.

Personal Data Administrator
The Personal Data Administrator is a company GSMCENTER.pl with headquarters in Kraków (31-137) at 29/LU3 Siemiradzkiego Street, e-mail contact@Tallahassee.github
It also applies to marketing consent.

Data Protection Officer
Data protection officer’s information: contact@Tallahassee.github It also applies to marketing consent.

What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, or other details to help you with your experience.

When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site.

Provide us with feedback on our products or services.

How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:

personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
improve our website in order to better serve you.
allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
quickly process your transactions.
ask for ratings and reviews of services or products
follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect your information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
An external PCI compliant payment gateway handles all CC transactions.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.

We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.

All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.

Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.

We use cookies to:

Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.

If you turn cookies off, It won't affect the user's experience .

Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Google AdSense Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website. Read more here.

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.

Google Analytics (Google)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
Place of processing : USA –Privacy Policy

Interaction with external social networks and platforms
These services allow interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of this Application. The interaction and information obtained by this Application are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network. If a service enabling interaction with social networks is installed it may still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.

Facebook Like button and social widgets (Facebook)
The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
Place of processing : USA – Privacy Policy

We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.

Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.

By registering on the site you agree to receive the necessary information via e-mail like for example: change in the functioning of the site, breakdown for maintenance or temporary suspension of any service.

Users subscribed to the newsletter can also receive from the site administrators and related entities information about news, services and promotions on the site and other advertising materials. You can unsubscribe from newsletter at any time by using the appropriate form.

2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Tallahassee.github web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:

modify or copy the materials
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial)
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Tallahassee.github web site
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Tallahassee.github at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.

3. Disclaimer
The materials on Tallahassee.github web site are provided "as is". Tallahassee.github makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Tallahassee.github does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.

4. Limitations
In no event shall Tallahassee.github or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Tallahassee.github Internet site, even if Tallahassee.github or a Tallahassee.github authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.

5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Tallahassee.github web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Tallahassee.github does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Tallahassee.github may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Tallahassee.github does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.

6. Links
Tallahassee.github has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Tallahassee.github of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.

7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Tallahassee.github may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.

8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Tallahassee.github web site shall be governed by the laws of the European Union without regard to its conflict of law provisions.